Added readme (#205)
minvws/gfmodules-mcsd-update-client: docs/README.md

    end

    A[FHIR Directory 1] -->|Polls for resources| C
    B[FHIR Directory 2] -->|Polls for resources| C
    
    C -->|Updates resources with modified references| D[Addressing FHIR Server]
    E -->|"Search & Discovery (mCSD profiles, queries)"| D
    
    Users[Client / Referral Apps] -->|mCSD search requests| E
    
```

## Update service
The Update service is responsible for polling one or more FHIR directories for new or updated resources. When a resource is found, it modifies any internal references to point to the addressing FHIR server before updating the resource on that server.

For instance, take the following Organization resource found in a directory:

```json
{
  "resourceType": "Organization",
  "id": "1",
  "name": "Good Health Clinic",
  "partOf": {
    "reference": "Organization/2"
  }
}
```

In this case, the reference of "partOf" points to another Organization resource within that directory. When this resource is updated to the addressing FHIR server, the reference will be modified to point to the addressing FHIR server instead:

```json
{
  "resourceType": "Organization",
  "id": "1",
  "name": "Good Health Clinic",
  "partOf": {

>     "reference": "http://addressing-fhir-server/Organization/<dir-id>-2"

Reviewer: I believe the reference stays relative
```suggestion
    "reference": "Organization/<dir-id>-2"
```

  }
}
```

This allows for a consistent and unified view of resources across multiple directories, ensuring that all references are correctly resolved to the addressing FHIR server.

> The random identifier added to the identifier is generated to avoid conflicts with existing resource IDs on the addressing server since multiple directories may have resources with the same ID.

Author: what is it then?

> The random identifier added to the identifier is generated to avoid conflicts with existing resource IDs on the addressing server since multiple directories may have resources with the same ID.

Author: it seems to use the "directory.id" which is a string coming from the id when fetching the directory ("id" key in directory json file, or the "id" in the endpoint when fetching from API)

> The random identifier added to the identifier is generated to avoid conflicts with existing resource IDs on the addressing server since multiple directories may have resources with the same ID.

Author: as above... i'll change it

> The random identifier added to the identifier is generated to avoid conflicts with existing resource IDs on the addressing server since multiple directories may have resources with the same ID.

Reviewer: For namespacing see the following (particularly line 28, 34-36):  https://github.com/minvws/gfmodules-mcsd-update-client/blob/8c431bee40db7298a1376ffb85244b79bbf3cc1f/app/services/fhir/references/reference_namespacer.py#L17-L52

It will only fetch resources that have been created or updated since the last successful poll, using the `_lastUpdated` search parameter. This ensures that the update process is efficient and only processes new or changed data.

## mCSD FHIR API 

The system exposes a FHIR API that adheres to the mCSD specification, allowing clients to perform CRUD operations on supported resources. The API supports standard HTTP methods such as GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE, and returns responses in JSON format.

In a nutshell, mCSD is a standardized way to represent and exchange information about healthcare facilities, services, and providers using FHIR resources. It defines specific profiles and search parameters to ensure interoperability between different systems.

```mermaid

flowchart LR

    subgraph mCSD_Directory_Server["mCSD Directory (IHE mCSD over FHIR R4B)"]
      FR[(Facility Registry\nOrganization+Location profiles)]
      HWR[(Health Worker Registry\nPractitioner+PractitionerRole profiles)]
      HSD[(Health Service Directory\nHealthcareService profile)]
      REL[(OrgAffiliation\nAdmin Location Hierarchy)]

>       API2[/"FHIR REST API\n+ mCSD Profiles & Required Searches"/]

Author: changed to <br>

# MCSD Update client

> The MCSD update client allows you to search for FHIR resources conforming to the mCSD specification.
> 
> The data found in this system is taken by continousily polling one or more external FHIR directories for FHIR resources, and convert their references to point to the addressing FHIR server before updating the resources on that server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The MCSD update client allows you update FHIR resources conforming to the [mCSD specification](https://profiles.ihe.net/ITI/mCSD/volume-1.html#1-46-mobile-care-services-discovery-mcsd). This application is an implementation of [ITI-91](https://profiles.ihe.net/ITI/mCSD/ITI-91.html).

Data from target FHIR directories is taken by continuously polling for mCSD resources, convert their references to point to the addressing FHIR server before updating the resources on that server.
```

```mermaid

graph TD
    A[Fhir Directory 1]
    B[Fhir Directory 2]
    
    A <---|Polls for resources| C
    B <---|Polls for resources| C

    subgraph Component["mCSD Update Client"]
        C[Update Service]
        E[mCSD FHIR API]
    end
 
    C -->|Updates resources with modified references| D[Addressing FHIR Server]
    E -->|"Search & Discovery (mCSD profiles, queries)"| D
    
    Users[Client / Referral Apps] -->|mCSD search requests| E
    
```

## Update service

> The Update service is responsible for polling one or more FHIR directories for new or updated resources. When a resource is found, it modifies any internal references to point to the addressing FHIR server before updating the resource on that server.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Update service is responsible for polling from one or more FHIR directories for new or updated resources. It does so by comparing data against the addressing FHIR Directory and make decisions based on the outcome of the comparison. When an update is found, it modifies any internal id and references by namespacing them according to the id of the server it is polling data from. This is essential to avoid id collisions and so that references point to the addressing FHIR server before updating the resource on that server.

```

For instance, take the following Organization resource found in a directory:

```json
{
  "resourceType": "Organization",
  "id": "1",
  "name": "Good Health Clinic",
  "partOf": {
    "reference": "Organization/2"
  }
}
```

> In this case, the reference of "partOf" points to another Organization resource within that directory. When this resource is updated to the addressing FHIR server, the reference will be modified to point to the addressing FHIR server instead:
> 
> ```json
> {
>   "resourceType": "Organization",
>   "id": "1",
>   "name": "Good Health Clinic",
>   "partOf": {
>     "reference": "http://addressing-fhir-server/Organization/random-identifier-2"
>   }
> }
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this case, the "id" is the original logical [id](https://build.fhir.org/resource-definitions.html#Resource.id) that the directory has assigned. While the reference of "partOf" points to another Organization resource within that directory. When this resource is updated to the addressing FHIR server, the id will be namespaced and the reference will be modified to point to the addressing FHIR server instead:

```json
{
  "resourceType": "Organization",
  "id": "directory-id-1",
  "name": "Good Health Clinic",
  "partOf": {
    "reference": "http://addressing-fhir-server/Organization/directory-id-2"
  }
}
```
```

> This allows for a consistent and unified view of resources across multiple directories, ensuring that all references are correctly resolved to the addressing FHIR server.
> 
> The random identifier added to the identifier is generated to avoid conflicts with existing resource IDs on the addressing server since multiple directories may have resources with the same ID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This allows for a consistent and unified view of resources across multiple directories, ensuring that all references are correctly resolved to the addressing FHIR server. And avoid any id conflicts between different directories the app is trying to pull data from.
```
